To start using that card here, let's first of all, think about where we need it later, we'll need
it in the product overview screen because they're in the app bar next to the pop up menu button here
and the app or I want to add a cart icon which is displayed up there, which we can click or tap to
go to the card screen where we see all the card entries.
And on that card, I can I also want to show a label that shows us how many items are in the card.
So we'll need information about the card here in the product's overview screen.
We also need access to the card from inside the product item darte file, because there we have that
shopping cart button here.
This one, which allows us to add items to CART.
And that, of course, means that we need access to our card provider and will later also have a separate
card screen, which shows us or which allows us to see what's in the card.
So we also need to access the card from in there.
Hence the card is another thing that makes sense to be provided in our route widget because we need
it in a couple of screens which are defined up there as well.
Now the problem is we already have a provider here.
Now, of course, we could have a nested change notifier provider in here and simply provide our card
here as a value would be possible, wouldn't be wrong, wouldn't hurt performance, but gets pretty
ugly the more and more providers we add because we have a deeper and deeper nesting.
Thankfully, the provider package has covered.
It gives us a special type of provider which allows us to group multiple providers together.
And that's the multi provider.
Multi provider is a clause you can create if you import from the provider provider package and multi
provider takes a provider's argument, which is a list of providers.
Now to.
That providers list, you simply add your providers like this change notifier provider value.
Of course, close to that extra parentheses.
And added parentheses here after providers.
And you're good, so you simply have providers and next to that, then your child, which will simply
receive all these providers.
So in child here, you can tap into all providers you set up up there.
So now you have one change notifier provider here with no child here, it will simply get this child.
And we can add another one here now, which receives our card.
And for dad, we just have to make sure that we import the card mallord a card class.
So from the providers file from cards dard, we need to import this.
And with that import added, we can set up this change, notify the provider at the closing parentheses
and we're good.
So now we're adding these two providers to the entire child widget tree down there.
That means we can now listen to card anywhere in the application.
Now, again, stepping in here from the future, as I mentioned earlier, the recommended way of solving
this year when you provide a brand new object is that you don't use the value constructor, but instead
the create function in the default constructor of change notifier provider, which simply looks like
this.
And you should do this for products and also for the card.
So that would be the recommended the best practice approach, the above approach, all the works fine
here.
But again, as I mentioned earlier, that is to current best practice of doing it.
Hence, of course, I want to show this here.